---
id: 142
title: "77413409"
date: 2002-06-06T20:34:56+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=26
permalink: /2002/06/77413409/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I&#8217;ve had a reasonably good day for a change today. I got my math&#8217;s assessment mark, and I got 34/40! It&#8217;s the best mark I&#8217;ve got in 2U this whole year! First assessment I was round 64%, the second around 76% and this one is 85%. Thank god for that to, as this was the second most highest weighting at 25%. Next up is the trials, and that is really scary because it is like in 2-3 weeks depending on when my exam is time-tabled. I also got my IPT Information Systems and Databases test back. The mark was okay, but I got told that my writing style was a bit wonked and that&#8217;s what will pull me down in the HSC. It&#8217;s the second time this teacher has told me, and the third I&#8217;ve been told all together. And each time, I&#8217;ve been told that&#8217;s what will pull my marks down. I&#8217;m going to talk to the teacher about it sometime, to see what I need to do to somehow fix it up, because I want to do the best I can, and if I need to fix my writing up to do so, then I&#8217;m going to try my best to fix it. If you want something badly, and you work really really hard, you will make some progress, and it&#8217;ll pay of in some form or another. I know what I&#8217;d die for, and that would be for a really good HSC examination mark for IPT, SDD, EES and Maths. English would be good too, but I&#8217;m not counting on it as much as the other subjects. But especially for SDD and IPT. But as the saying goes you shouldn&#8217;t count your chickens before they hatch, because with like 2-3 months left anything can happen. And anything meaning anything, from the good to the bad to the ugly. Anything is literally possible. After the happening of these last few days, you do sometimes wonder, sorta like Rosencrantz and Guildenstern did in _Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead_. Whether our fate and destiny is already pre-planned or not, and why thing happen to some people and not to others. Just plain why???