---
id: 205
title: "85931856"
date: 2002-12-13T16:42:37+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=90
permalink: /2002/12/85931856/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I am totally dead&#8230; worn out actually. I&#8217;ve been riding since like 9:40am in the morning. We had like a 2 hour break in the middle&#8230; then we got semi lost somewhere between Strathfield South and Croydon Park. But then we ended up at Burwood station and made our way home. Lugging a heavyish bike up train staircases is&#8230; hmm difficult. Well the handlebars keep on moving then the front wheel kicks your legs. So where did we go? Well for me.. I left at 9:40am and rode to Rhodes. Then we went over to Homebush Bay (Bicentenial Park), then over to Olympic Park. We rode around Olympic Park for a while then stopped off at Macca&#8217;s. Then back to Bicentenial Park where we lounged around on the play equipment. Then we left to see how far we could get on the track to Botany Bay. I the unhealthy fit one, was half dead by now. Then we got semi lost found our direction and got to Burwood. Then I caught a train to Rhodes (I just made the train, raced up the stairs with my bike as the train arrived), then rhode home from Rhodes.
  
And today I started peeling. Took a while&#8230; I actually thought I wasn&#8217;t gonna peel, but midway today I wondered what these white things on my legs were, then when i touched them&#8230; yeh I started peeling&#8230; so I&#8217;ve got patchy looking areas now (hmm sorta). Anyway I need to lie down&#8230; I can feel my muscles starting to get sore. At least I&#8217;ll be able to sleep heaps well tonight.