---
id: 147
title: "78814628"
date: 2002-07-11T21:15:02+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=31
permalink: /2002/07/78814628/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Today when I woke up, I was shocked to find it was almost 10am&#8230; it&#8217;s like the latest I&#8217;ve ever slept in till in like a year! Come to think of it, I&#8217;ve never slept in till 10 in the first place. Well today, I worked a bit on my IPT assignment. I&#8217;ve more or less developed the system, I just gotta get my documentation together, which unfortunatley, is the part I&#8217;m really crap at. I also did more of my SDD project. I think I&#8217;ve finished my help file, and I fixed the user tutorial up as well. Setup&#8217;s all done it just needs to be burnt to CD, but I won&#8217;t do that till at least next week just in case. Tomorrow there&#8217;s another lesson thingo at school&#8230; I have more questions&#8230; it&#8217;s weird how when your there you can never remember them, but when your at home they pop out of nowhere. That&#8217;s twisted in my opinion.

Actually, what&#8217;s shocking is that one whole week of the holidays are already gone!!! Next week it&#8217;s going to have to be all science assignment&#8230; I&#8217;m still not satisfied with the work I&#8217;ve put into it &#8211; knowing that I could do better if I tried to be more motivated. But SDD and IPT are way more interesting&#8230; databases and control structures&#8230;&#8230; hehe.. On the weekend I think I&#8217;m catching up with some friends, and before anyone asks, yep they are computery type peoples.. but you guys would all know better than that, otherwise you wouldn&#8217;t be reading this in the first place, &#8216;cos Blogs are a very nerdy thing on there own.

Now I don&#8217;t know why I&#8217;m writing the rest of this, and I hope as hell no one&#8217;s reading it, but writing here is good when I&#8217;m down in the dumps, because the computer can&#8217;t see my feelings so I don&#8217;t have to worry about anyone seeing the truth, well that&#8217;s what it is like when I&#8217;m typing here. And things are getting back down in a rut again. It started up a couple of weeks ago and I hoped they&#8217;d fade away, but the thing is they haven&#8217;t. Some thoughts are scary.