---
id: 139
title: "77095787"
date: 2002-05-29T20:45:37+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=23
permalink: /2002/05/77095787/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I feel really weird, you know how you feel at ease, yet you still somehow feel stressed. I&#8217;ve got assessments due soon, especially the English feature article, but whilst I&#8217;ve done a fair bit which is making me at ease, I still feel stressed because I need another 200 or so words, and also because I&#8217;m scared it will suck. We&#8217;ll everyone has fears, and I&#8217;m just not very good at expressing my thoughts. Though it does seem weird that I&#8217;m semi expressing them here, but that&#8217;s because the computer is no-one. It&#8217;s has no feelings, and even if it did, I don&#8217;t know that so it doesn&#8217;t matter. Sorta just like the object to take your problems out on I guess, it doesn&#8217;t disagree, it doesn&#8217;t argue back. It just sits humming away. By the end of next week I will have had enough of dramatic irony, cliches and all these exotic words I have no idea how to spell or say for that matter. I never was a art/literature person, but one to the sciences. I guess that explains everything&#8230; the lack of spelling skills, structured sentences and appropriate grammer. Spell check and Shift + F7 is all I need, well for the moment only. And what is the &#8216;essence of existence&#8217;? Hamlet and Ros and Guil, is probably like the only stuff in English which I&#8217;ve actually liked, only &#8216;cos it relates so much to how I have been feeling of recently. Sort of like inner torture I guess, though torture is the wrong word, maybe more like turmoil. Thoughts that spin and churn around in you, leaving you mroe confused than ever before.
