---
id: 212
title: "86534874"
date: 2002-12-26T14:48:52+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=97
permalink: /2002/12/86534874/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I went shopping today in the city. Well there isn&#8217;t exactly much else to do on a public holiday. The dumb thing was that I had a $50 voucher, but i only realised half way there that I&#8217;d left in next to my computer. I just bought some clothes&#8230; um 2 t-shirts, a jacket/jumper and a pair of jeans. I wasn&#8217;t meant to get jeans, but no where seems to sell normal pants&#8230; well there are normal pants out there but not the type I&#8217;m looking for.

Is it a natural occurance to worry about what other people think about what you write in your blog? Some people don&#8217;t care, and others like me sometimes do wonder. But then why do I write here in the first place, if sometimes I do wonder. I don&#8217;t know, but its something to do and thoughts and feelings are easier to write down then say out aloud. Maybe people do read this regularly, no-one&#8217;s ever told me so, and I don&#8217;t think I want anyone to tell me so. I think I&#8217;m scared of the truth&#8230; I bet they all think I&#8217;m weird, this crazy geek sitting in front of a screen, but it comes as no surprise to me. Sometimes I wonder how I landed up a computer geek (I don&#8217;t say that too negatively&#8230; computer geeks/freaks are cool&#8230; we&#8217;re one big clan)&#8230; I think it stemmed from my younger years, back when I was a little kid.. I guess with two working parents I took to the computer to entertain myself. It was something different, something new, something that challenged me. Am I glad of that? In the majority of aspects, yeah I am, but sometimes don&#8217;t you ever wonder how life would have turned out if things were different. Like if we were more of a &#8216;family&#8217; you know did &#8216;family&#8217; things when we were little. Sometimes I do wish that we did stuff like that back in those days. I think I&#8217;d be a different person.