---
id: 140
title: "77204143"
date: 2002-06-01T11:32:50+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=24
permalink: /2002/06/77204143/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Yay, I got another assessment yesterday (NOT!) It&#8217;s due in three weeks, and at the same time I&#8217;m supposed to be studying for my trials, as well as working on my science, software and ipt assessments too. But it&#8217;s ITV, so I think I might just bludge it, because it&#8217;s ITV. That aside, I&#8217;ve come to the assumption that all computer geeks/overusers whatever we call ourselves have some form of lack of social skills i.e. social instability. And as much as some may disagree, at this moment I believe it 100% more or less. It explains everything, being antisocial (as it may seem), reclusive, seclusive, locked away inside my own little world, which I liken to my shell. And it may seem weird that I&#8217;m typing my thoughts here for all to see, but I&#8217;m not talking to a physical person, so it doesn&#8217;t matter, because AFAIC this is just a computer, and people who read this are more than likely to form under the computer geek status, so they would understand what I am going on about. I&#8217;ve only ever talked to two people about this and only one was face-to-face, the other over the net. And talking face-to-face was good but weird in a sense because of who I was talking to. It&#8217;s not like I don&#8217;t want to talk to them, I feel fairly comfortable talking to them, but I feel like I&#8217;m imposing in a way, because I owe a lot to this person.