---
id: 203
title: "85674006"
date: 2002-12-08T20:40:24+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=88
permalink: /2002/12/85674006/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
_on your own today
  
lost with no direction
  
they took your dreams away
  
and stripped you of protection
  
but there&#8217;s a light that won&#8217;t burn out
  
when your heart is screaming out
  
is screaming_</p> 

_it doesn&#8217;t matter where you are
  
there is life behind the walls around you
  
it doesn&#8217;t matter where you start
  
won&#8217;t be long, won&#8217;t be long until
  
the walls around you are gone&#8230;_

I&#8217;ve been listening to heaps of Pacifier&#8217;s (aka Shihad) album recently. I really like _Walls_ for some reason, theres something about it. On another note, Homebake was yesterday, but I didn&#8217;t go. This year was a crazy year, and I did not particularly want to spend more money than I already have these last few weeks, and well I forgot about it till Friday night when I was in the city. At least theres quite a few bands touring next year. Foo Fighters sold out (ages ago I think)&#8230; I been listening to them quite a bit too. Their playing at BDO with Millencolin and Pacifier&#8230; oh and The Living End! But BDO is expensive&#8230; well it would dig into my pockets pretty deeply at $93 a ticket. Still Millencolin are doing a show at the UNSW Roundhouse in Jan sometime but those tickets are $40-ish. And so are The Ataris tickets. Damn why can&#8217;t The Ataris play at BDO too? And totally topic jumping again (those of you I talk to on the net will know I&#8217;m renowned for jumping across three different topics in a spate of a few minutes) I need to learn how to drive&#8230; soon. I&#8217;ve put it of for long enough now. Plus if my dad gets a new car next year, I get his current one. I may have to pay or may not&#8230; will see in the forthcoming weeks.