---
id: 141
title: "77232725"
date: 2002-06-02T09:29:09+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=25
permalink: /2002/06/77232725/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Death is a devoid vortex of darkness. I thought about that last night, it sort of bears some resembelance to me I guess. I&#8217;d much rather sit in the darkness of my room than be in a group of people. Maybe I&#8217;m insecure, and if I am, it doesn&#8217;t come as no surpise. The more I think about it, the more I realise that I&#8217;ve never seemed to &#8216;fit&#8217; in with people. Like in pre-school and kindergarten, when they make you watch Play School and play dress ups, I remember leaning aganist the green wall thinking something along the lines of &#8220;I&#8217;m not going to be like a rocket, that&#8217;s silly&#8221;. I&#8217;ve been thinking these last few days about a few things here and there, maybe trying to work myself out, to sort of not much avail. I know I&#8217;m antisocial, but that&#8217;s not new, I&#8217;ve sort of known that deep down inside since I was 9 or 10. There are things on my mind, little things here and there which twig at me, and maybe I should sort them out, decide what to do and take control. But whether I can put myself to do so I don&#8217;t know. I&#8217;d much rather be a sponge than a lapdog, at least being a sponge, I can stay in my shell, which is my protector from evilness, and anything and everything, the world the lot. And maybe that&#8217;s why I&#8217;ve crawled back in, not that I ever really crawled out in the first place. Everyone has their security blanket, and mine is draped all over me.
