---
id: 193
title: "84218599"
date: 2002-11-08T21:36:22+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=78
permalink: /2002/11/84218599/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Well I was reading Icon today (we get it Friday &#8216;cos we get delivery), and there was this article about weblogs, otherwise known as blogs (what this thing is really). Yeah it&#8217;s sorta cool how you can just write whatever you think, and not have to worry &#8216;cos you never meet the people who read it&#8230; (well in my head thats so) but like the article says, anything written in a blog could be used against you say in a court case. Guess I&#8217;ll have to watch what I say. Nah.. I wouldn&#8217;t slag anyone in a Blog anyway, it&#8217;s just wrong/unethical/slack. Defamation via website is a pretty low thing anyway, because your like telling the whole world. Keep things to yourselves or reality in that aspect, don&#8217;t publish and be damned! (Oops that last bit isn&#8217;t my own words. Credit to the Good Weekend article in some August edition of the same name. This is what English does to you.. LOL)
  
Well I said this weekend I wouldn&#8217;t go out at all. So much for that, I&#8217;m going to the movies this Sunday. So much for studying the whole day this whole week, more like half a day each day. Still it&#8217;s better than nothing. And I have got pretty far through the book. Just finish the next chapter by Monday morning, then writing summaries of the points I&#8217;m not too confident about. Even though I&#8217;m like 99.99999% repeater sure that EES won&#8217;t count for me, you never know what fate/luck holds, so I&#8217;m going to try my best. I think I could&#8217;ve done better at EES if I tried more. Actually if I didn&#8217;t do computing I&#8217;d probably would&#8217;ve done all science subjects. If I could combine both togther (and were slightly more intelligent) I think I&#8217;d have heaps of fun with sci and comp. I reckon it&#8217;d be cool to do stuff related to nanotechnology and biometrics. Well the whole concept of both is pretty amazing IMHO. Gotta run and read/sleep usual so called study regime&#8230;. When this is over&#8230; sleep, go out, sleep, go out&#8230; nah we&#8217;ll see what the future holds&#8230;