---
id: 227
title: "88258574"
date: 2003-01-30T20:10:26+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=112
permalink: /2003/01/88258574/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
It was stinking hot today&#8230; infact it still is! Been working this week.. well half of. &#8216;Tis good.. I&#8217;m still learning and catching on, but I&#8217;m learning stuff I don&#8217;t know so its pretty cool. And of course it&#8217;s somewhat info tech related which is pretty mad. Do you reckon I use the word &#8216;pretty&#8217; to much? It doesn&#8217;t sound to girly does it? Ahh when I say &#8216;pretty&#8217; cool/good etc&#8230; it&#8217;s a normal persons equivalant of something along the lines like &#8216;heaps great&#8217;, &#8216;great fun&#8217;, &#8216;really good&#8217;. I just speak in disjointed English&#8230; well not disjointed, but just a slightly twisted sense. Well I write how I talk, thus I talk how I write. That didn&#8217;t make much sense, so I guess you get the idea.
  
Ahh today if I woke up early, I was going to go for a run, but strangely enough I didn&#8217;t wake up early. Why is it everytime I don&#8217;t plan to wake up early, I wake up early, and those I do I don&#8217;t? It must be that Murphy&#8217;s Law or whatever it&#8217;s called.
  
On a more scientific note now&#8230; do aliens exist? Well I shouldn&#8217;t call them aliens.. but another form of life? Take for example&#8230; they say that without running water on Mars life can&#8217;t exist (I&#8217;m not saying that life definatley exists on mars). But that is based upon what we know as Earth lifeforms such as plants, animals etc. But what&#8217;s to say that the so called &#8216;forms of life&#8217; which may or maynot exists follow in simliar lines to what we think? What&#8217;s to say that rather than water as a necessity for survival it isn&#8217;t nitrogen or some other thing like that? That&#8217;s just some food for thought&#8230; well not really food for thought, but more just some questions. I&#8217;ve probably seriously rocked myself in there somewhere, but hey there just questions I&#8217;m asking myself.. or rather no-one in particular. Anyways I might go have a shower now.. I think its cooler now.. well I won&#8217;t know, I&#8217;m in my favourite &#8216;nest&#8217; right now. Which of course is my room in the dark with music and the air conditioning on. Kinda nerdy.. but I&#8217;ll turn the lights on soon. Maybe do some reading, or some java-ing who knows.