---
id: 287
title: "107208820140987728"
date: 2003-12-22T21:16:41+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=172
permalink: /2003/12/107208820140987728/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I went to work/school today. Only stayed for 3 hours. I figure if I do a couple of 2-3 hour days I&#8217;ll finish by the end of the hols/ So yeah I rock up round 8:30 and leave 11:30 ish&#8230; so it&#8217;s pretty good/okay. After school today though, I went and visited Mama in hospital. It was kinda okay. She looks worse for wear than she did about 2 weeks ago. Like she&#8217;s kind of suddenly aged, and her skin is all wrinkly and dry and limp and yeah bruises still where theres been needles and all. Not exactly the nicest sight, but I guess that&#8217;s to be expected. I stayed there for a pretty long time, like 1 and a half hours, &#8216;cos I had to help her eat which was okay, though she&#8217;s kind of lost her appetite, and her will at the same time. Kind of sad really.

On a lighter note, I hope the weather is good this weekend, so we can hit the beach&#8230; maybe Bondi &#8216;cos Manly&#8217;s all like kids now, &#8216;cos they think its the easiest to get too and the parking is kind of reasonable, if we actually get into the carpark and split the cost. But yeah I guess we&#8217;ll just wait and see on the weather and who&#8217;s free.

Mmm and I&#8217;m in a little bit of dilemma. I&#8217;ve applied for one tutoring job at uni, and am now hesitant on submitting my resume to a second one. Firstly &#8216;cos present work can employ me for up to 3 days a week next year. I was gonna work two there and another at uni (assuming I got the job). Uni would be tutoring, which is kinda newish to me, but I think I can handle it. Plus it&#8217;d look good on the resume, and it pays slightly more than current job. But&#8230; I like current job, and its nearby, so I gotta take into account the travel/time verses expense thingo. Also the uni tutoring days the subjects are on are my actualy free days which means I&#8217;d then be working really 1 and 3/4 days at present job and 8 hours roughly at uni. And yeah current job I can get to in like less than 10 minutes, whereas uni would take upwards of at least 30 minutes&#8230; what&#8217;s better uni on your resume or a school? I dunno&#8230; I&#8217;d love to do both. Staying with current job, I would do similar thing to at uni as well, like teach ppls how to use computers more efficently etc. So yeah I dunno. But yeah next yeah will be kinda cool/busy&#8230; working like 3 days and going to uni for 3 days too&#8230; (one of the days I go at night, so yeah). Hectic!
