---
id: 249
title: "105758021241910992"
date: 2003-07-07T22:16:52+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=134
permalink: /2003/07/105758021241910992/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Now is when bordem starts settling in. The times where lying in bed makes you feel sick and so does sitting in front of a computer screen. The dizzyed emptiness of the mind playing wrath with your thoughts. Such was broken in the afternoon when I made a call out to install a PCI card, set up a scanner and show how to use it. Unfortunatley I didn&#8217;t get paid for it&#8230; well not in cash anyway, but I think I have a lasange coming my way in the not to distant future :-S

Tomorrow I&#8217;m going to the movies&#8230; yay 🙂 but then I don&#8217;t know what I&#8217;m going to do for the rest of the hols&#8230; So much for reading and stuff, as that hasn&#8217;t really eventuated. Still next semester I&#8217;m going to be more organised, get my priorities and what I would love back into focus. And maybe, just maybe I might work out who I am and what I want out of life. I&#8217;m still unsure and after that convo about fears and stuff like that being psychological in a sense because you associate it, it makes more sense. I don&#8217;t know who is reading this, and really if you do I hope it&#8217;s interesting but the next bits are just me thinking. I think I associate people and social interaction with a past experience. It would explain why I only have a very small group of people who I consider to be &#8216;true&#8217; friends, some of which aren&#8217;t friends as such. Breaking the habit is one that sometimes gets on my nerves and makes me edgy because it&#8217;s way to out of the comfort zone. Such that a Christmas gathering is one I semi-despise and would rather be at home alone. Do I reckon seeing someone would solve? Eh who knows maybe, but it would take a pretty damn long time for the very reason that I wouldn&#8217;t trust the person at all and that it take a good long time before I did.

And as I always seem to say&#8230; uni is no much more fun than high school was. Yes I didn&#8217;t like my final year of high school at all for reasons that I don&#8217;t know how to describe except for the fact that it was totally f$%^ed. But uni is no much better because it just isn&#8217;t. I remember a convo I had about meeting a whole lot of new people with similar interests blah blah blah&#8230; but unfortunatley that is not the case. Just proves my point really. And maybe I should have taken that job and been working part time this year. You know I&#8217;d probably learn more, but then again I&#8217;d probably have dropped uni or something like that.

Where is that magic crystal ball when I need it?!?