---
id: 236
title: "93392693"
date: 2003-04-28T21:23:51+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=121
permalink: /2003/04/93392693/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Fark fark fark a duck&#8230; Yes that just sums things up perfectly at the moment and god it sucks. I have that empty void again. A lack of thought, attention, concentration, motivation&#8230; pretty much what drove me to do things I like has&#8230; gone&#8230;. diminished&#8230; exited my body for somewhere else I don&#8217;t know.

I picked up a paper clip, twirled it round in my fingers thinking, just thinking about nothing in particular. This time is different. I don&#8217;t feel like I&#8217;m going to snap/crack one day, but rather I&#8217;ll sucumb to my feelings (what my brain is saying). Sometimes it gets to me that I can&#8217;t talk to anyone about what&#8217;s eating away at me (which I don&#8217;t even know!). My mum is always going to be my mum as such, but shes not \*like\* a mum. My dad, he&#8217;s like both my mum and dad (if that makes any sense), but in the end he&#8217;s still my dad. My brother, well we are two totally different people (at opposite ends of the spectrum really). Everyone else? I really don&#8217;t know. Theres only a few people I&#8217;d talk too maybe (less than the fingers on one hand), but even then&#8230;. times have changed,

The meaning and purpose in life (like as in hamlet), family, uni play parts I think&#8230; maybe. Uni is cool, I love the subjects we&#8217;re doing, and I like going to uni to learn and stuff. Even assignments are cool, because I llike stuff life that. But that where it ends. As much as I didn&#8217;t like going to school, I think school was better&#8230;maybe just a bit only. It&#8217;s only a matter of time now&#8230; I am more in control my minds thoughts when they run wild now, but like said, its just a matter of time till they overpower me. Soon, real soon I can feel it. At least I don&#8217;t feel like falling into a deep dark whole forever and ever. That must be something right?
