---
id: 258
title: "106230937543664688"
date: 2003-08-31T15:56:15+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=143
permalink: /2003/08/106230937543664688/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I walked all the way home from Ryde RTA. Won&#8217;t entail why&#8230; but meh. Bumped into Yue on the way, had a very quick chat with her then made on my way down Victoria Rd. I think I&#8217;ve pinpointed my issues in life. One &#8211; I don&#8217;t think I know or am sure of where I&#8217;m heading/want to head in life. I&#8217;m not talking uni/career wise, but in the bigger picture. I don&#8217;t know what I want out of life. I&#8217;m not 100% sure about moving forward in life &#8211; a sense of uncertainity possibly. Two &#8211; I think I have issues with my younger years. I think my mind tells me that I feel I&#8217;ve missed/lack a certain aspect of stuff, and I&#8217;ve only recently become aware of this. And it has added to not knowing what I want in life or where I want to head. In a nutshell I don&#8217;t feel I can associate with my parents as much as parents &#8211; children should. Possibly more so my mum than my dad, and as such lacked what some would call a &#8216;motherly&#8217; figure??? &#8216;Cos when I think about it now, my mum isn&#8217;t really around much, even these days. And when she is, we barely see her anyway because shes of being more concerned with other peoples lives who aren&#8217;t her immediate family. Blah blah blah&#8230; and I think I do believe that this has had some considerable impact on my growing up and myself as a person today. And that is what is affected by point One really. And because of Two I probably am not moving forward, and One and Two kind of are a circle in a way which is hard to break out of. I should do it myself, but its easier said than done. And there are a few people who are gently trying to get me to break out of my shell and it really is for my own good in the long run&#8230; but yeah so the story goes.
