---
id: 233
title: "91590822"
date: 2003-03-29T17:29:16+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=118
permalink: /2003/03/91590822/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I have not written here in ages. I don&#8217;t know what brings me back. Maybe &#8216;cos I&#8217;m sick again for the second time in three weeks, maybe it&#8217;s a sign of whats to come.. maybe I&#8217;m falling back down to the ground. Uni is pretty okay, apart from the loads of reading it&#8217;s more or less what I expected. I like OOP a lot, networking is pretty cool, though I find it confusing at times. Concepts PDC is normal, skills needs more practice, otherwise is okay. ICC&#8230; well accounting drives me up the wall, but I&#8217;ll survive.

But its weird in a way&#8230; I have a couple of friends there, but it&#8217;s still like before&#8230; I can&#8217;t fit in&#8230; not in a big group. It feels wrong&#8230; out of my comfort zone. Maybe I&#8217;m antisocial or maybe I&#8217;m a social outcast&#8230; I don&#8217;t know. Different is one way to put it. It was really weird because one of my friends goes to me around the second week when we were down at Markets that &#8216;I&#8217;m different to everyone else&#8217;.. my response &#8216;I know&#8217;. Yeah I have different interests to most people my age, I feel lost and out of place in big groups, I find it hard to communicate to most people, I keep to myself, not many people know me well (and to those who do, I really do appreciate everything, from being a friend, to someone I can hang with, to someone I can talk to&#8230; I&#8217;ll always remember you all&#8230;)

To this date, I don&#8217;t know if I&#8217;m 100% happy with life. Sometimes I think, yeah its okay, but more often it feels as if I&#8217;m just accepting life as it is, whether I&#8217;m happy or not. Things are easier to accept than not. That way you don&#8217;t have to detail with thoughts, people or anything else.
