---
id: 277
title: "107070406986768225"
date: 2003-12-06T20:47:49+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=162
permalink: /2003/12/107070406986768225/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
It&#8217;s THE RETURN OF THE BLOG!!! Pulled it down for a week or so, as I had to think about its future. Previously my blog was private and unknown, so I guess now I&#8217;ll just hafta post more generic info&#8230; well stuff that doesn&#8217;t involve my deep/dark/meaningful thoughts, as in that respect I&#8217;m not exactly jumping to share them with the world. No offense to any of you readers out there. Well i&#8217;ve gradually added stuff to this site&#8230; it&#8217;s taking time but thats because procrastination is one of my best pastimes when I don&#8217;t actually have anything that useful to do. I have yet to paint my room (at this rate it won&#8217;t happen), lug the furniture outta my room to clean it, learn some C, play with Java and JDBC amongst stuff. Other than that, thing&#8217;s are kinda on the nice/good side at the moment. Been working a bit since exams finished. Some days it is tiring, but its pretty cool.

Oh on another note, I&#8217;m going to apply for a tutor job next year. The other night I got a email from a Subject Coordinator saying I&#8217;d done very well with a score higher than 95%! But I wonder what the 95% meant, 95% all round, or on the final exam, or on the assignment? I hope its all round&#8230; though if that&#8217;s so, that is some CRAZY SHIT! But yeah I dunno which subject to apply for&#8230; The thing about it is, I will wonder how I fit everything in, uni, working, tutoring etc&#8230; work would be round 12 hr per week (based upon 2 days) uni 14 hours or so (thats on campus) and tutor bout 6 &#8211; 8 hours&#8230; I know if I tried I could manage. But then it would mean I have less time for procrastination&#8230; What to do?!?

On a slightly more solemn note&#8230; it&#8217;s been a bit hectic these last two days&#8230; &#8216;cos my Grandma&#8217;s in hospital (in ICU at the moment) &#8216;cos she just had mega surgery. And so because I don&#8217;t drive me (yet) me an my bro have been going to an fro between whatever we have to do and visiting at the hospital. I hope she gets better soon.

Now to MUSIC&#8230; Powderfinger is on this Friday&#8230; WOOT! and The Living End the following Tuesday&#8230; MEGA WOOT! And there&#8217;s TWO Big Day Out&#8217;s in Sydney this year&#8230; >.
