---
id: 223
title: "87831946"
date: 2003-01-22T20:08:29+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=108
permalink: /2003/01/87831946/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I finally found and removed the barcode in my shoes that have been giving me HELL!!! In case you&#8217;ve missed the story somehow, my new (or now a couple of month old) shoes were giving me great problems, in that if I walked into stores I had a 50% chance of beeping, which of course made it look as if I&#8217;d stolen goods (which I&#8217;d never do). Anyways I worked this all out in Noosa, after continual beeps, we decided to walk into a store remove the shoes, walk out without the shoes, walk back in, pick up the shoes walk back out and see if I beeped then. Anyways Noosa I beeped heaps. Back in Sydney I beeped occasionally. I was starting to get paranoid (well who wouldn&#8217;t if it looked like they were shoplifting when they weren&#8217;t?) so I decided to start pulling my shoes apart in an attempt to find the thing making it beep. I started ripping the inner sole out of the shoe, but then after a bit of tugging I stopped, as I was literally ripping it out. It was one of those glued in ones, so non-removal. So I thought &#8216;if its glued in it obviously can&#8217;t be in there&#8217;. So back too today (a couple of months later to the previous), I&#8217;d beeped twice. On the second occurance I decided what the hell I&#8217;m going to take/rip my shoes apart and find the DUMB BARCODE BEEPER PIECE OF ^&*%. So after some pulling and ripping I finally found it&#8230; then after some more pulling I got it out&#8230; damn it was pretty hard cos it was like firmly glued/stuck. But now I don&#8217;t have to worry about getting death stares from people thinking I&#8217;ve nicked stuff, &#8216;cos I DON&#8217;T BEEP ANYMORE!!!
