---
id: 279
title: "107087991684909959"
date: 2003-12-08T21:38:36+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=164
permalink: /2003/12/107087991684909959/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Hmm well yesterday Telstra unveiled their new plans. Their Unlimited* cable plan is VERY tempting. 10GB for $69.95 speed may be limited to 64kb after the 10GB. Optus at the moment is the same price but for 3GB throttled to 28.8kb (pre 1997 speeds I say!!!). But then Telstra counts uploads as well as downloads, but then again it also has a free download area, which has all the stuff I need &#8211; utility type programs, MySQL, Linux etc. Optus better follow suit or we&#8217;re outta here. Though Telstra locks you in for a 24 month contract :-(.

Oh today I booked a driving lesson. It better not be got on Thursday at 1pm. I need a second (third?) opinion, and also just to be on the safe side for Monday. I probably left it a bit late, but as the saying goes, it&#8217;s better late than never. But the stupid thing is it costs $50!&#8230; hmm but it may well turn out to be a good $50 well spent&#8230; in which case I shouldn&#8217;t be complaining.

Oh I was thinking about a conversation I had the other day and I wonder how they knew? Maybe read me website? but this version doesn&#8217;t really mention it&#8230; maybe a previous? or maybe I&#8217;ve mentioned it previously and just can&#8217;t remember? That&#8217;s probably the most likely answer. But do you ever wonder what things may come? I mean what we vision for our future is rarely what actually happens&#8230; hence don&#8217;t think about it much. And is it fate or destiny, or are they the same thing? Of course if it was either, I guess it explains me sitting here and typing, because it was inevitable&#8230; yet if it isn&#8217;t fate or destinty, then what is it?

Well this post/entry has taken me yons to complete, &#8216;cos I&#8217;ve been off reading other websites. So I&#8217;m gonna go grab a drink or a biscuit and them I&#8217;m off to sleep.

P.S. Google Bombing sounds funny, do a search on Google to find out more about it. Funny in a nerdy kinda way really.
