---
id: 271
title: "106827691695840461"
date: 2003-11-08T18:35:16+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=156
permalink: /2003/11/106827691695840461/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Well on the 18th of november, at least to me anyway, it will mark a whole year. It means a significant thing to me&#8230; the end of my first year of uni, a whole year since finishing year 12, plus a whole lotta other junk. What does one year on bring/mean? Even I&#8217;m not sure of that. Basically I&#8217;ve come to somewhat accept that the world is just one big thing, with endless avenues and possibilities. ICS has made some stuff make a lot more sense, as mentioned in posts before stuff I&#8217;d though about heaps during year 12. And I guess now, those thoughts, theories, ideas make a lot more sense to me, and mean more, as I can make sense of it now (or at least I do for the time being anyway).

What am I going to do with myself over the mega long holidays? I&#8217;ll start getting bored after a week or two&#8230; plus no work over hols so my $$$ will start to diminish&#8230;lol My fault there, as I didn&#8217;t look for a holiday job. Still maybe I&#8217;ll do some reading or something. I&#8217;m thinking of buying the Baghdad Blog book. I&#8217;d followed it here and there over the web, but never read all of Salam&#8217;s posts completely. Oh but then again I want to buy Time Crisis 3 &#8211; before the special pack thingo ends at least. Maybe after my last exam for that one.

Have to go for now, &#8216;cos I have an exam on Monday morning, so I should go study more for that. Till next time&#8230; laters
