---
id: 243
title: "95527131"
date: 2003-06-11T09:55:31+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=128
permalink: /2003/06/95527131/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Hmm I&#8217;ve been posting more frequently now.. a sign of too much time on my hands?
  
Anyways so what&#8217;s been happening&#8230; on the weekend I did some work and set up a wireless network. It was good, until someone interrupted me midway and insisted that the problem was because the router was on 192.168.2.1 and tried to &#8216;help&#8217; fix my supposed mistakes, of which there were none! (Rather, I believe the BigPond network went down for about 30 mins). Anyways routers can be on whatever address&#8230;.as long as its the first usable address for the network or subnet. Wouldn&#8217;t have mattered if it was 192.168.0.1 or 192.168.2.1. Oh and even better they said the network was working fine but something was wrong&#8230;. uh derr&#8230;. I&#8217;d already worked it out, and I already knew what the problem was&#8230; if the network works fine LAN wise. but won&#8217;t Ping out of the network (which id did before) it obviously something to do with the Internet connection. Damn funny thing was they pinged 127.0.01 and said &#8216;the network works fine&#8217; but 127.0.0.1 is the special loopback address, any computer can ping 127.0.0.1 because its themself! But after they left, it started workng again&#8230; so I&#8217;m pretty definite it was the WAN connection.
  
I finished summarising ICC about time really, so reading through it now. My lappie got delivered yesterday, so it won&#8217;t be here for another 17 days. Which is good because i have exams and other stuff&#8230;&#8230;.. I should go no and get back to these notes I&#8217;m writing, and ICC.