---
id: 315
title: "107615895630202138"
date: 2004-02-08T00:02:36+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=200
permalink: /2004/02/107615895630202138/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Interesting night. Well the main part wasn&#8217;t that interesting, just a family dinner with relos and my uncle from overseas. The interesting part was a convo I had with someone&#8230; There are some things I didn&#8217;t know of before which kind of put things into perspective a bit more now that I know. It doesn&#8217;t really change my thoughts any more on the matter, but just further explains some things that are happening around me &#8211; or rather have been and still are. From what I&#8217;ve heard, if things go on the way as they have been these last few years, things really will fall apart, and some of us may even go an have a nervous/mental breakdown. Which may or may not be a good thing&#8230; I don&#8217;t know. After my little episode I&#8217;ve handled shit better and all&#8230; but at the same time I can more easily keep it inside because it is not confusing and troubling me as much, which I suppose is bad. In a way though its probably &#8216;cos I&#8217;ve partly given up and don&#8217;t really give a flying f@#k anymore about certain things. If you&#8217;ve read and been following my blogs you probably know what this whole post is about&#8230; and yeah I sound evil and mean in this (and previous) posts&#8230; but its too much. Lives have been screwed around, and still are. And seriously when it comes to the fact you can&#8217;t rely on your own family (as kinda mentioned in a previous post), its about time you give up. I&#8217;m not going to say I don&#8217;t have a family, because I still do and forever will (no matter what happens in the future), but we&#8217;re not existant in a way as far as I&#8217;m concerned now. I don&#8217;t know what I really think of that, never really been one to be in touch with my inner feelings, so maybe I&#8217;m bitter and twisted deep down inside? Truthfully, probably am, and most likely related to reasons which have finally reached the point that I am exasperating about (and have been since who knows when). Oh and interesting point was the mentioning that I have &#8216;changed&#8217; in the last few months&#8230; hell no. Lol&#8230; though mentioned something about me being hard to read&#8230; lol&#8230; like I don&#8217;t know that. I doubt I&#8217;ve changed in the last few months, maybe over the last 2 or so years is a better thing to say. But not in the way they said/meant/saw. There are lots that people don&#8217;t/won&#8217;t know. Some are maybe better clued and know certain things here and there, but I doubt anyone knows everything&#8230; well that&#8217;s near impossible. We probably should all go see a shrink or something, but that won&#8217;t happen either. I did think of doing so myself a while back when times were dark and it was suggested, but yeah I managed to get through all that crap which was happening. Crap still happens, but maybe I&#8217;m stronger now from experiences and people I&#8217;ve been lucky enough to encounter in life and help me on my way&#8230;

This has been a \*really\* long post, and I should go to sleep before checking my stuff to make sure I&#8217;ve got everything tomorrow, so laters. Don&#8217;t feel scared/bad/concerned about anything I wrote above, its just a means by which I can express my thoughts more vocally (for me anyway). I&#8217;m not going to do anything stupid (have stepped out of that hole). I&#8217;m just waiting to see how it all pans out&#8230;

Seeya all in a week&#8230; email me if you want and fill me in with what&#8217;s happening. I&#8217;ll read it as soon as I get back next Sunday after my computer and internet free week!
