---
id: 389
title: "108513573307371373"
date: 2004-05-21T20:14:33+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=274
permalink: /2004/05/108513573307371373/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
What&#8217;s your perception of uni? If your at uni think &#8216;why are you at uni?&#8217;&#8230; I&#8217;d like to hope that for most of you it&#8217;s because you have a geniuine interest in the degree you are doing, and want and wish to learn more about your chosen field of study. That&#8217;s at least what it is for me (most of the time). I try to put in my 110% effort in order to come out feeling and knowing that I&#8217;ve achieved something&#8230; knowing that I&#8217;ve pushed myself that little bit further and finding out more about myself and my potential at the same time. Unfortunatley for most others maybe this isn&#8217;t quite the case. And it&#8217;s moments and times like these that I really don&#8217;t know why the fsck I went to uni. I&#8217;m not going to leech my assignment code of someone else, or write some half flubbed words worthy of toliet paper&#8230; I&#8217;m going to give it my best shot. Otherwise I&#8217;ll never know what I&#8217;m capable of. And these days I don&#8217;t&#8230; sometimes I occasionally surprise myself and moments like that is great&#8230; but others I can be fscked. I feel that certain forces/happenings are stopping me from reaching further above. It&#8217;s times like these that I seriously consider changing my chosen path. I probably will, and I don&#8217;t really caee, my passion still lies where it is, it&#8217;s just that I don&#8217;t think a reality of working in it is one which will work. Yeah I guess you could say I have been considering recently a possible career change&#8230; certain aspects of uni have made me despise/dislike areas of IT&#8230; and changed my mind about how I feel about particular things&#8230;

Firstly I don&#8217;t think uni properly shapes you for the real world and or your chosen field etc whatever you want to call it. You can&#8217;t just set assignments &#8216;cos everyone copies, and whilst exams/tests are the supposed ways to tell the real difference they are not. Papers are often written with no consistency or clarity are ambigious and don&#8217;t adequatley test sometimes knowledge. It&#8217;s not about what you can pull out at a certain time by rote learning but what you understand in your mind and heart that matters. And what&#8217;s in your mind and heart is something that matters in everything else.

I&#8217;m really keen to finish my degree at the moment&#8230; if I change careers I&#8217;ll finished in about a year and a half, so lets see how things go&#8230;

Really I&#8217;m just confused and puzzled at the moment&#8230;
