---
id: 379
title: "108397065878041323"
date: 2004-05-08T08:57:38+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=264
permalink: /2004/05/108397065878041323/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Went to Luna Park last night with Sal. Was definatley one hell of an interesting night&#8230; actually that&#8217;s an understatement&#8230; I went on this ride and it made me \*SO\* sick. I&#8217;ve never felt so sick in my life&#8230; Weird thing though is I usually use to be able to handle rides like that (abliet 5 &#8211; 6 years ago). Anyway so after it I managed to make it to the nearest bench. And took a seat. Anyways my hands and legs had no feeling or movements. If you asked me to stand up then I wouldn&#8217;t have been able to. What was damn funny was that my hands had gone into a closed position and I couldn&#8217;t move my fingers apart! It was as if my fingers were permanently closed with my thumb positioned on my index finger. That passed eventually. But then I tried walking, I only made like 5 &#8211; 10 steps before I had to sit down again. Figured maybe it was because all I&#8217;d eaten that day as Maccas brekky and 4 Cruskits. And maybe I needed sugar. So Sal went an got me an orange juice. After drinking it, it made me feel a bit more better. But when I tried walking it still was hard. So eventually we eventually made it to this wharfy area where I had a sit/lie down. It was so weird&#8230; I felt really cold and my legs where shaking and teeth chattering and I suddenlly felt \*very\* tired. That got better eventually and I could walk around slowly soon later. Fast forward a bit more and we were on the Ferris Wheel. Whenever it stopped to pick people up/drop them off made me feel sick. I \*just\* made it to the end stumbelled of sat down at the first wall. and felt like spewing&#8230;. so I did&#8230;. except there was nothing to spew up!!! I stumbled over to the edge of the wharf (again) &#8216;cos it was better to spew there if I was going too. And I swear I had the attempted spew motion like a good 4-5 times but nothing came up (&#8216;cos of the eating not much during the day). But after that I felt alot better. Actually contemplating somehow making myself spew earlier on, as I knew it would make me feel better (same as a similar surfing experience&#8230;)&#8230; But yeah it was a good and interesting and weird night and I made it home safely. The above experience was so weird that I actually wonder if my body went into shock or hyperventilation or something. I was going to go to First Aird to see if they had anything / anywhere to lie down, cos I couldn&#8217;t walk without balancing myself up on Sal&#8230;.

But yeah that&#8217;s my crazy story&#8230;&#8230;..