---
id: 348
title: "108174643457361872"
date: 2004-04-12T15:07:14+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=233
permalink: /2004/04/108174643457361872/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Woot, just got my Sennheiser HD 497 headphones&#8230; and I saved a good fair bit, so it made it worthwhile going out to Parra. The cheapest prices I could find were around $149 and I didn&#8217;t think the guy would offer anything cheaper than $140, but got them for $135 and that was paying credit (which was weird &#8216;cos he asked me if I was paying cash and I said that I could do that, but ended up paying credit). So yeps, check out Sydney Hi-Fi, their good! Apart from the extra long cord, they sound pretty damn fine. And bought a headset mic for voice dictation.

Oh sucky part was I told my mum she was seeking attention. I know thats bad of me, but its sort of true. I mean like when no ones home or its just her, she gets bored and decides to go play to the RSL, because no ones at home and so on etc. I mean like it&#8217;s pretty sad that you have to go to the RSL because you can&#8217;t entertain yourself. And tripping over and grasing yourself does not really need to see a doctor or get x-rayed. The fact one can walk, talk without pain obviously tells you that. I mean when we were little kids did our parents rush us of when we hurt ourself? No. And maybe quite likely it is partly my dissent that when I really needed people to help me, those who should&#8217;ve knew and cared nothing less That&#8217;s something that hurts right? When your already hurting and those that are supposed to care hurt you even more? Moved on from that stuff, but still that bitter taste that I can&#8217;t completely get rid off at times.
