---
id: 510
title: "109914322170604020"
date: 2004-10-30T23:22:41+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=395
permalink: /2004/10/109914322170604020/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Well today has been a semi productive day. Read my BPITS assignment. Not that happy with it, as I don&#8217;t think its all that great, but it will have to do because I do not have the time to fix it. Just hope it turns out okay. Fixed up some stuff for SDP, took longer than I thought, &#8216;cos the javascript drove me insane for an hour or so. Then did some NED. Then headed to Maq, to get Trish a pressie + other stuff, then came back home to work on the SDP presentation. Spoke to dad today which was good. Mmm this week is the week for me to drive (read &#8216;learn&#8217;) how to drive his vehicle. He&#8217;s cool with it though so maybe I&#8217;ll take it for a short drive tomorrows. Hmm though the next door neighber is having a christening with 80 people so it may just be a tad hard to reverse out of the driveway&#8230; so I may just have to postpone that idea.

Ooh yeah, Homebake sold out&#8230; heaps early! Last time it sold out was either &#8217;99 or &#8217;00 (whichever TLE headlined)&#8230; better be worth it (though I&#8217;m sure it will be). Oh yeah Greenday are also touring next year. 9th March at Sydney Superdome. There a bit more mainstream now, but nothing like some good old songs played live for good fun. Unfortunatley the 9th is a Wed night and I have uni. Though there is a possibility there could be a show on the 8th when looking at the dates, so maybe I&#8217;ll keep my hopes for that?