---
id: 410
title: "108746581982947068"
date: 2004-06-17T19:43:19+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=295
permalink: /2004/06/108746581982947068/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Grr I closed the window by accident before! Anyways 3 down 1 to go. I don&#8217;t know about the exam today, there is a 50/50 chance I didn&#8217;t pass it. It probably was on par with the OOD exam last year for me. I guess it&#8217;s the waiting game to see what entails. Can&#8217;t really control fate in a sense I guess. Screwy thing is if I do fail it&#8217;ll stuff the rest of my uni course around (as it&#8217;s a prerequsite for other core subjects). I hope maybe something out there was looking out for me today and everyone else in a similar situation. The other two exams were pretty okay. DSPP will probably be my best &#8211; that&#8217;s not a prerequsite &#8211; it&#8217;s actually better to not pass that then not pass the one today. But yeh I hope I pass all&#8230;. :-S

Good luck tp everyone else on exams.

Anyways after my exam today I met up with my dad and went to Yum Cha &#8216;cos he had to go to Bondi Junction today in the morning. Other than that nothing interesting has been happening, I&#8217;m back home now studying for my exam on Monday madly cos I&#8217;m going out the night before. I don&#8217;t know if thats a good idea, but fate again played out that way, so that&#8217;s anothet wait and see.

Oh one complaint for today is for the last 2-3 days in a row there has been this guy collecting donations. I&#8217;m not against that, but when they invade the \*actual\* uni (inside) at like 8:30am when it&#8217;s exam period and just before exam and in the area people are in just before the exam it&#8217;s a bit annoying. Especially when they ask you multiple days in a row&#8230; that&#8217;s imho though. Outside the uni entrance is fine, but when the guy literally walks up and down the lounge area stopping at every &#8216;study&#8217; group is&#8230; erm yeh&#8230; a bit to full on for me.