---
id: 449
title: "109119431933030966"
date: 2004-07-30T23:08:59+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=334
permalink: /2004/07/109119431933030966/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Listening to Forever Delayed: Greatest Hits by the Manic Street Preachers. Weird but this year mainly I&#8217;ve suddenly had this weird listening fascination with listening to mid 90&#8217;s to 00&#8217;s Brit Rock/Pop. Oasis, Coldplay, Manic Street Preachers, Muse and so on&#8230; maybe I&#8217;ve grown up? But more than likely it lets my thoughts flow through my mind when they need to do so.

Well today went to this Resume Writing/Job Seeking/Interview workshop thingo at uni. Blah more confused than ever before. Sitting there hearing the stuff, I reckon I should be able to easily find a job (to some extent that is). My resume is pretty good already, I think I&#8217;ve got the grades and I have good referees (and they said to flaunt them if they were good). And so I sit wondering whether I&#8217;m wasting that potential opporunity. Then I came home and started thinking about maybe doing a semester of uni oversears but realised it&#8217;ll stuff my whole schedule up. Utterly lost and confused. Oh and if we submit our resume and cover letter by 1pm Monday some outside HR company will check them for us&#8230; except I&#8217;m not supposed to be going to uni on Monday. And apart from a few changes my resume + letter is already kinda the way they said to present it. So do you reckon I should go??? We&#8217;ll see how things go.

I been reading this SDP stuff&#8230; the subject looks like fun. Hopefully (touch wood everyone&#8230;) that others in Group 23 will have a similar enthusiasm. This is like project in Year 12 SDD all over again except on a much much bigger scale.

Oh I wonder if I&#8217;ll still be offered an OOP position this semester? I&#8217;m only avail 2 hours so I know the chance is low. But I wouldn&#8217;t mind doing it again as I quite liked it as it was a good experience. Cross fingers&#8230;

Time to go sleep&#8230; early for me.. and its a Friday night. But yeh don&#8217;t have late weekends too much once uni semester starts&#8230; one of those people who needs there 8 &#8211; 10 hours sleep a night kinda person. Aka \*n e r d\*&#8230;

Blah also anyone wanna research Crumpler bags for me?
