---
id: 482
title: "109506075143543761"
date: 2004-09-13T17:26:34+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=367
permalink: /2004/09/109506075143543761/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I think I have an infection. In fact I&#8217;m pretty definite of it. On the right side, there always was a slight swollen part I could feel if I cupped my hands around my face. When the original swelling went down and for about a week after it was a very small swollen part. Well now it&#8217;s not. In fact I&#8217;m looking like a one sided chipmunk again. It&#8217;s like as swollen as it was originally, and as painful. I don&#8217;t feel pain to much, so it&#8217;s not like ouch I&#8217;m going to die, but its annoying nonetheless. It would explain why on Fri night onwards I wasn&#8217;t feeling all that right. I&#8217;ve been feeling pretty cold these last few days, last night especially and I had 3 layers of clothers plus a doona. What&#8217;s more today I had a squiz and saw some stuff, so I used a cotton bud to have a prod and it looks like pus to me&#8230; (gross so you didn&#8217;t need to know tha but eh). And it&#8217;s sore when I touch it on the outside, and theres a big hard patch&#8230; So I&#8217;m off to see the oral surgeon tomorrow. I&#8217;m meant to work tomorrow, but I don&#8217;t know if I can, &#8216;cos my face seems to be getting bigger each day, and my head has been feeling weird (probably &#8216;cos of the infection). All I can say is please hope he drains it &#8211; all of it. I don&#8217;t care about needles or whatever, just give me a normal face back, or at least let my mouth close properly!