---
id: 311
title: "107536700910401355"
date: 2004-01-29T20:03:29+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=196
permalink: /2004/01/107536700910401355/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Okay, this morning was one crazy morning. I had to drop my bro at school then come back home as I was designated ticket buyer for Blink 182 &#8211; well I volunteered as I was like the only one who could arrive at work whenever. Anyways so from 8:45am I&#8217;m at the Ticketek website waiting for the tickets to go on sale. As it gets closer to 9am the site is \*really\* gluggy and half the time I got he busy page. Anyways so 9am comes, I manage to get a connection to the website, I select 3 tickets but alas as I click &#8216;Buy&#8217; to go to the next page, the website dies (too many requests). I try for a few minutes more to know avail, madly look up the Ticketek phone number but its busy as well&#8230; at this point I&#8217;m all \*GRRRRRRRRRRRR\* so I go to school, as I remember I have to do some stuff with comps in the morning so I can try the net at the same time as installing s/w. Around 9.30 I can get to the site again, not as bad as before, but got the busy page a few times. Anyways it says &#8216;Limited&#8217; tickets available&#8230; so I select 3, but then it tells me there are not enough tickets available, so I try 1 (out of curiosity), but it tells me theres not enough then too. I tried a few more times in case the website/server was playing up but nope, so I was left to contend with it being Sold Out! But then after hitting refresh it said &#8216;Second Sydney Show&#8217; and I&#8217;m like \*woot!!!\*, and madly hoping their already on sale, and that the server won&#8217;t overload. So I madly key in all my details and off we go (hoping it didn&#8217;t crash in the middle of the transaction)&#8230; and woot I got them. Both shows are sold out now. Apparently the first sold out in 2 minutes and the second show in under an hour&#8230; Moral of the story: Never try and buy tickets to a popular event over the Internet or Phone. The traditional way is alot better, stake out a venue preferably the Entertainment Centre or Ticketek on Elizabeth Street!
