---
id: 310
title: "107529084887840698"
date: 2004-01-28T22:54:08+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=195
permalink: /2004/01/107529084887840698/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
So before we had another &#8216;let&#8217;s all yell at each other&#8217; session, and just a couple of minutes ago we just all did again&#8230; ahh the pleasures of a seemingly normal family &#8211; NOT!!! Really when this same issue/convo starts again, I think 3 outta 4 really get the shits and pissed of (me included in that count). Maybe missing number should wake up and realise before its too late, though imho it already is. There&#8217;s nothing worth saving/chasing/rescuing &#8211; not as this stage and not into the forseeable future. My brother is maybe a \*bit\* too vocal in his expresssions/thoughts, whereas I am more subdued to myself&#8230; of course, that said I&#8217;m ready to join the arguing/yelling when I decide it is something I feel strongly enough about. But doing this so is annoying and hard, as the reason I&#8217;m vocal about them in the first place is because they&#8217;ve bugged me/affected me/us/etc. Some people should pay attention to issues more closer to home rather than concerning themselves with other peoples lives/problems/issues. E.g. when one knows why one&#8217;s bf gets rashes and where as well you start to wonder when one cannot even remember what one of there own asks/tells them, let alone know what one&#8217;s favourite colour, food or music is&#8230; See when things like that occur, I&#8217;d say things are remotley FUBAR. But yeah thats it. Eh probably just needed a rant and rave, so I&#8217;ll be okay in tomorrow or in a day&#8230; But as my bro says things \*are not\* going to change, eh as if that couldn&#8217;t be seen. It&#8217;s all lies&#8230; a strong word I know, but its the plain truth. We&#8217;re use to broken promises, nothing new there. Isn&#8217;t it screwed when you can&#8217;t even rely on someone supposedly meant to be related because they puts other peoples lives/problems/etc before things closer to home. Sometimes I think certain people would be better of finding a new family&#8230; &#8216;cos really it&#8217;s like a 3 person house here most days&#8230; well at least 90% of the time anyway. I complain about how we can&#8217;t have a decent convo. And when she tries to start one, it after everyone has yelled at each other, and is not exactly the best time to try and start a convo. And then when she knows I&#8217;m getting annoyed she sits there so I get even more annoyed, and she knows so she does it more &#8211; she has said this herself! Bugger all, sometimes people have to know when to stop. And to make matters worse, why bother having a convo when it goes in one ear and out the next? or the arse as my bro says. GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR I need some tea&#8230; good night, and sorry if I&#8217;ve all depressed you with my rant and rave&#8230; but it&#8217;s bugging me and kinda different continuation from previous matters. Plus theres some other things on my mind at the moment&#8230; stuff which doesn&#8217;t concern me directly just yet, but I hope we&#8217;re doing the right thing, as it may matter (and prob will) in the future.