---
id: 382
title: "108462967224113035"
date: 2004-05-15T23:50:12+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=267
permalink: /2004/05/108462967224113035/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Well I&#8217;ve spent the last few days since about Wednesday being driven insane by this DSPP assignment. I&#8217;m \*very\* close to it now, just 2 bits to fix up then it&#8217;ll be onto refinement.

Tonight I went to see Troy with Emily. It&#8217;s like the second movie I&#8217;ve seen where the main character (i.e. the hero) has died, the other movie being Gladiator. Mm Troy was okay for a kind of historical looking movie. I don&#8217;t usally watch movies like that often as I&#8217;m so naive about historical aspects of the world/stories that I often sit there in a bemused lost. But yeah this one was okay, &#8216;cos at least I had a very rough idea of what it was about. I have to say that the whole guy long hair look doesn&#8217;t work well&#8230; at least for Brad Pitt it don&#8217;t. Oh and speaking of with I can actually say a friend knows someone who actually has met Brad Pitt (the person being a film maker on the side). So I guess that&#8217;s another point to the Six Degrees of Separation&#8230; weird eh?

Bah my stupid brother drank too much again. FFS you&#8217;d think one could tell when they should stop drinking by this age wouldn&#8217;t you? Can&#8217;t fscking expect someone to always help you get in the front door and clean up your fscking spew. Yay and I get to be one half of it&#8230; Personally imho I reckon we all need to see a shrink&#8230; we&#8217;re all stuffed in the head. Life is sometimes stuffed, well the concept of it. There were some lines in Troy that kind of conveyed what I&#8217;d thought, which was cool &#8211; except I can&#8217;t remember them&#8230;

Anyways thats enough for now&#8230;