---
id: 383
title: "108475628152138543"
date: 2004-05-17T10:58:26+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=268
permalink: /2004/05/108475628152138543/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Check [this](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/film/3707111.stm) out&#8230; how cool is that?!? Okay maybe you don&#8217;t follow, but yeah his blog is incredible and witty and a really good read. Which is a reminder to me to find out where the book version is (I think my brother borrowed it???).

Um, I though I posted yesterday, but I guess I didn&#8217;t&#8230; so what was my day yesterday? Went to lunch with my grandma, aunt, mum at Maq. Was okay. Checked out that scarf I want to buy, but then decided not to, as I don&#8217;t really want to pay the price it was labelled. Lol it wasn&#8217;t what I&#8217;d even call a reasonable price! I&#8217;ll probably buy over the Internet from the states, as it&#8217;s cheaper even with postage/shipping added.

Mmm also yesterday I spent an hour or so looking around on other uni websites. I realised that in 2 or so months I&#8217;ll have to put in subject choices for next year (in case I don&#8217;t do Industrial Training). And I need to make sure that my other electives will be enough to get me into a Grad Dip Ed if I really do decided to do that. Not 100% sure right now&#8230; I mean I don&#8217;t want to be a suit, but it doesn&#8217;t leave me with much other options does it??? Maybe I&#8217;m fussy. I could of course get really fit and become a bicycle courier??? There&#8217;s an option. But yeah I&#8217;d started considering the Dip Ed option actually after Year 12 finished, but decided I wouldn&#8217;t think about it too much till this year. And so now I have too (think about it). I bet no one had thought I&#8217;d even considered it??? LOL&#8230; don&#8217;t say much do I&#8230; Only thing which is scary is that I you have to cop alot of shit from ppl and can be given a job anywhere in the state&#8230; could I hack that? I don&#8217;t know. I really need to grow up sometimes&#8230;

Oh I \*finally\* solved my little DSPP problem, so it works now. But I need to refine it a bit&#8230; one of my functions is really messy, but if I try and change it now, it&#8217;s going to stuff the rest of everything. I need to check on the coupling and cohesion of it too&#8230; crapsie eh? So many assignments&#8230; all of the ones left being group/pair assignments.