---
id: 438
title: "109004476212405682"
date: 2004-07-17T16:01:47+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=323
permalink: /2004/07/109004476212405682/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
So Blogger really has changed, some new fangled rich text editor

thingo. Explains the weird problems I had when trying to post yesterday

must&#8217;ve been in the process of switching the interface over or

something?

Anywasy today, went to Maq twice in one day. In morning &#8216;cos had to

claim stuff from HCF and find some pants to where under ski/snow pants

as I don&#8217;t know what happened to the ones I use to have/use&#8230; Managed

to find some dodgy ones for like 5 bucks, but eh they&#8217;ll do the job the

same as if I paid 30 bucks so I guess I&#8217;m not (or shouldn&#8217;t) be

complaining.

Then it was on to the bottle shop. To buy foriegn beer (not for me) and

some mixed drinks Malibu and some of those Vodka Mudshakes&#8230; (mmm).

&#8216;Cos it&#8217;s the party thingo tonight. Then came home had a sandwich then

went with my mum and aunt to Maq again &#8216;cos they brought my grandma

out&#8230; So yeah over to Maq again. Bought two small presents (my brother

keeps on going I shouldn&#8217;t go empty even though I&#8217;m not \*actually\*

invited, but yeh) then had something to drink (iced chocolate) then my

cousin and her bf met us (like an old married couple in some respects &#8211;

and I&#8217;m actually older?!? Blah but I don&#8217;t wanna grow up&#8230; lol) then

bought some books (well mum did, I&#8217;m b-r-o-k-e&#8230;. or will be when I

come back next Monday).

And now I am at home again. Should have a shower sometime before going

out but it&#8217;s freezing&#8230; rain is good (needed as well), though if it

rains tonight&#8230; who knows&#8230;

Oh a funny thing, for the last 2 weeks I haven&#8217;t been having music

playing much in all my &#8216;awake hours&#8217;. Which is strange &#8216;cos I normally

can&#8217;t have quietness. So in trying to break out of this not normal

habit I&#8217;m now sitting here with my headphones, music playing into my

ears.
