---
id: 319
title: "107710349936408722"
date: 2004-02-18T22:24:59+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=204
permalink: /2004/02/107710349936408722/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I looped back a switch by accident today. &#8216;Twas funny (well actually it wasn&#8217;t at the time), because I created chaos when there was only 15 odd staff in the school (quite possibly less!). Haha then I&#8217;m at home eating dinner and I get a phone call with X going &#8216;I&#8217;m gone a day and you did something to the server???&#8217; &#8211; it was a joke not to be taken seriously&#8230; lol&#8230; ah well, it&#8217;s nice to know that others do make mistakes too (same mistake has happened a few times&#8230;). Well I&#8217;ve decided to go for the uni job, hopefully I&#8217;ll get it. I think I&#8217;d be interesting to go down that path in the future possibly,so this will give an idea, even though slightly different in context. School&#8217;s cool with it, I knew they would be, but I thought I&#8217;d let them know and also in case I need a reference. It was weird (yet I wasn&#8217;t that surprised I guess) when Y asked if they matched if I&#8217;d stay on&#8230; I probably would in different circumstances, but I really need to work out where I want to head in the future, and working 2 jobs will help me decide upon this (or so I think). Hell I prob. wouldn&#8217;t mind researching all my life, if ableit the financial security was more viable and rewarding&#8230; ahh well.

Ooh, I just had a brilliant idea, Heya Sal! This is my reply to your email&#8230; Kind of like 2 for the price of 1&#8230; I get to write an extra long blog and a letter/message/email (what should I call it? a blog msg?) to you as well&#8230; here goes:

> _No worries about the late reply&#8230; I&#8217;ve been working, catching up on sleep. I&#8217;ve been tired these last days, but I doubt I could have travel lag considering there was no time difference! But I&#8217;m sitting here in front of my comp, so I guess I&#8217;ve got time to do something. I want to format my comp, but I don&#8217;t know if I can be bothered spending 2 or so hours. Though I prob. will so, &#8216;cos it always gets the better of me everytime.</p>
>
> That&#8217;s so weird how you bumped into Tammy&#8230; she&#8217;s changed courses? Wasn&#8217;t she doing a B Sci/Dip Ed at Maq? but deferred for a year? Oh yeah, keep up your blog&#8230; I&#8217;m going to do so when I can remember (we&#8217;ll see how that lasts&#8230; lol)&#8230; blogs are cool if in a kind of geeky way though.
>
> Lol yeah distance sucks&#8230; what am I gonna do this weekend ðŸ™ &#8230;. ahh well I&#8217;ll find something, I want to buy some new shoes&#8230; not sleeping properly&#8230; hmm that sucks, does it make you fatigued during the day though? I spose if it doesn&#8217;t its not to bad, but annoying still. Lats night I couldn&#8217;t sleep&#8230; it was too hot&#8230; and I wasn&#8217;t tired&#8230;
>
> Anyways I&#8217;ll see you online sometime, or if not keep blogging and keep me filled in on what your up to (same goes here)&#8230;
>
> Bye&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;&#8230;

> Deline</i></blockquote>
