---
id: 483
title: "109508777464103915"
date: 2004-09-14T01:49:54+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=368
permalink: /2004/09/109508777464103915/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Following on the previous post (I would say earlier, but I just realised its a new day in terms of time) I went and saw a doctor tonight, cos mum semi inisted I do, and I did consider it myself later this evening before she came home. The surgeon did say though if I could go to a doctor to get some antibiotics, but then I was seeing him tomorrow so I didn&#8217;t go in the afternoon. Anyways towards the night the pain started getting more annoying&#8230; so I took so paracetamol/codeine combo tablets which worked a treat. Anyways only the medical center was open, so we went there and it was crowded and we had to wait like almost 2 hours, so by the time I saw a doctor it was like 10:20pm. Anyways I told the doctor the situation he asked some questions, had a look and said it was pretty badly infected and that I&#8217;d have to take 2 different types of antibiotics and that the surgeon will most definatley have to drain it (i.e. cut it open!). Oh and in the process he kind of implied that I should start taking the antibiotics asap, &#8216;cos he was like ask the front desk to find which chemists are open at this time. So then for the next 30 min we tried to find this one in Eastwood but the map we got given on the flyer was wrong, so we gave up and came home. Then we found the one in Rozelle and headed of there. So basically my night has been a big trip of doctor and chemist hunting.

Then I came home, and the site decided it would emit a whole lot of gunk&#8230; and by alot I mean alot like alot more than the combined lot of everything till then. It was gross very gross almost made me chuck. Then had to eat something &#8216;cos one of the medicince has to be with food, and now here I am.

I think my face has made the decision that I wont be at work tomorrow, cos I guess it is pretty bad. I don&#8217;t think I&#8217;ll drive myself to the surgeon either, cos whenever it decideds to let out stuff, its yuk and I feel sick, so I&#8217;m gonna see if dad will drive me. Also if he does drain it, I mighten be in the mood to drive home&#8230;&#8230;. (i.e. sore)&#8230;

Looks like its back to the mush for me&#8230;
