---
id: 457
title: "109175172628013295"
date: 2004-08-06T10:12:06+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=342
permalink: /2004/08/109175172628013295/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I have a feeling I picked a hard subject this semester. Lots of reading very business oriented. Thought for a moment of maybe changing out of it, but figured that I cbf and if anywasy unless I change my submajor I&#8217;d have to do it at some point either way as its compulsary for the submajor I&#8217;m doing. Lol people think I&#8217;m crazy for picking IT Management as a submajor, when I probably could&#8217;ve easily got through a programming one. But on one hand, I partly chose it, because it&#8217;d be more challenging&#8230; though its not quite as interesting as coding&#8230; Plus I reckon management skills is something that is transferable over any job industry, and as IT it always going to play a part in business it probably is to bad of a thing to have knowledge of. The assignments are good though but lots of research.

Oh my bag arrived yesterday&#8230; sweet. Green and olive coloured. Didn&#8217;t take as long as I thought. Remembered when we ordered from estore years ago it took weeks for the product to be delivered. Guess they&#8217;ve reworked their processes. Ordered Monday delivered Thursday and that was with a delay as well. Plus was like $100 cheaper than RRP. So yeah order from estore peoples&#8230;

Ahh away from the above boring stuff&#8230; I have a funny story.. well not funny but yeah. Anyways this morning I woke up got out of bed and went to put my fluffy shoes on because it was cold. But my right foot got caught on my left pyjama (sp?) leg &#8211; don&#8217;t ask me how &#8211; and I tripped over myself and fell over. Great start to the morning when you fall into a table&#8230; should try to be less unco!
