---
id: 298
title: "107361780798256199"
date: 2004-01-09T14:10:07+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=183
permalink: /2004/01/107361780798256199/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Yesterday met up with the guys from uni. We bought a card and stuff and wrote in it. Still unbelievable, hasn&#8217;t sunk in yet.

Today I visited my grandma, I stayed there for \*ages\*&#8230; was good though. Then laters my cousins and aunt came along (shows how long I was there for!), and had a d & m convo with my aunt, which was interesting, though at times erm hmm&#8230;

Mmm ultimate weirdness&#8230; today I get home (maybe 30 minutes ago or something), turn my comp on, and start checking up on my regular sites I read (news sites, blogs, etc) and a MSN window pops up&#8230;. okay so there isn&#8217;t any weirdness in a MSN convo, but eh the rest of the story is&#8230; but I won&#8217;t print/type/publish here. STRANGE is all I can say&#8230; mm I want one of those Emily The STRANGE tops&#8230; I like black tops&#8230; black and brown is a nice colour (not together mixed at once, but distinctly).

Ahhh I have to run my photos from NYE back to my comp before tomorrow night&#8230; going to the thingo of the Sydney Festival at Homebush. Only on for 3 days this show, busy last night, and got RBF tonight (plus Sal is busy) so tomorrow are free&#8230; which means can&#8217;t go to Swansea &#8216;cos won&#8217;t get back in time and will be buggered.

Reel Big Fish is on tonight!!! Woot&#8230; they so better play Take On Me and The Setup Up (You Need This)&#8230; and Area-7&#8230; double WOOT! They better play hmm.. Second Class Citizen. I should probably get a few hours sleep before I leave, but eh stuff that&#8230; I won&#8217;t be tired&#8230;lol yah&#8230;

Anyways time to go, will keep you&#8217;s informed on the concert tonight and my snorkeling and \*possibly\* fishing tomorrow. Rock On&#8230;&#8230; ahh so hypo concernt, RBF, Area-7.. skank happy &#8211; <http://ska.about.com/library/1999/aa092899.htm> &#8211; I can hear the muuusssiccc already