---
id: 479
title: "109471487273357197"
date: 2004-09-09T17:16:45+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=364
permalink: /2004/09/109471487273357197/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Well I received the following email thingo, but as I&#8217;m not a fan of such emails and don&#8217;t usually continue them along, I&#8217;ve rather pasted it here and filled in my answers:

&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;

Welcome to the 2004 edition of getting to know your friends. As if you didn&#8217;t have enough to do already . What you are supposed to do is copy (not forward) this entire e-mail and paste it onto a new e-mail that you&#8217;ll send.

Change all the answers so they apply to you, then send this to a whole bunch of people including the person who sent it to you. The theory is that you will learn a lot of little things about your friends.

1. What time do you get up? This semester normally anywhere between 7:45am to 8:15am. On the weekends maybe a bit later

2. If you could eat lunch with one person, who would it be? Never really though about it. I s&#8217;pose theres too many people to choose from, maybe someone from a rock band?

3. Gold or silver? Silver&#8230; gold makes me look orangey.

4. What was the last film you saw at the cinema? Hmmm&#8230; good question. I think it was Spidermand 3

5. Favorite TV show? I watch whatever&#8217;s interesting. No fave show as such.

6. What do you have for breakfast? Usually I wake up to late to have brekky at home. So sometimes its actually my lunch that turns into breakfast.

7. Who would you hate to be stuck in a room with? dunno never been stuck in a room with anyone yet

8. What/who inspires you? people who have added meaning to my life

9. What is your middle name? Hmm well if going by my birth certificate I think it&#8217;s Deline. But the way I and my family consider it, it&#8217;s my chinese name which is Qiu Yan&#8230; don&#8217;t ask me how to pronounce it because I can&#8217;t&#8230; or it&#8217;ll sound really aussie&#8230; lol

10. Beach, City or Country? Each in moderation. Maybe not country, country, but larger country towns seem okay.

11. Favorite ice cream? Either anything chocolate, hokey pokey or something natural.

12. Butter, plain or salted popcorn? buttered

13. Favorite color? It use to be blue&#8230; I think now it ranges somewhere between black, dark blue, khaki and brown

14. What kind of car do you drive? my lack of power steering, air con and cd player 12 year old daihatsu charade, which has only recently reacked 80,000 KM!

15. Favorite sandwich? Something salady with some antipasto stuff in it. And some meat of some sorts.

16. What characteristic do you despise in others? everyone has annoying characteristics, deal with it.

17. Favorite flower? flowers? I don&#8217;t know much about flowers&#8230;

18. If you could go anywhere in the world on vacation, where would you go? Around the world!

19. What color is your bathroom? Feral cream / beige &#8211; standard neutral tones if you ask me.

20. Favorite brand of clothing? casual stuff&#8230; I&#8217;m a very casual person when it comes to clothes&#8230;

21. Where would you retire? Maybe a big country town, or a small coastal town.

22. Favorite day of the week? Probably Tuesday.

23. Red or white wine? White is better&#8230; red is weird.

24. What did you do for your last birthday? worked and ate mushy food due to chipmunk cheeks because of wisdom teeth being yanked.

25. Where were you born? singapore

26. Favorite sport? change&#8217;s all the time, i go through phases.

27. Who do you least expect to send this back to you? everyone &#8216;cos I&#8217;m posting it here

28. What person do you expect will send it back first? no one &#8216;cos I&#8217;m posting it here

29. What fabric detergent do you use? whatever&#8217;s in the house

30. Coke or Pepsi? pepsi&#8230; max

31. Are you a morning person or a night owl? morning&#8230; nightime makes me sleepy

32. What is your shoe size? 6 I think?

33. Do you have any pets? Gonzo the bird&#8230; named after the muppet of the same name. he&#8217;s funny.

&#8212;&#8212;&#8212;
