---
id: 413
title: "108760573191171539"
date: 2004-06-19T10:26:11+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=298
permalink: /2004/06/108760573191171539/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Blah so yesterday I studied for a good most of the day, got bored mid way so read this article about [Gush](http://www.2entwine.com/) and so downloaded it then spent an hour or so configuring it. It&#8217;s pretty okay, I like the RSS feeds, but I don&#8217;t like the idea of the &#8216;container&#8217;. Dunno much more used to seperate panels for each window. The big panel makes it seem clunky. I&#8217;ll probably stay with it though, &#8216;cos it runs MSN and ICQ as well &#8211; uses Jabber network, so it&#8217;s got gateways to MSN and ICQ network if that makes sense. Then did some more study, then watched Bad Boys 2 cos my head was getting stuffed around and lightheaded. But yeah that&#8217;s about it really. Today is my last full study day, because tomorrow I have half a day and then its Offspring at night.

In other stuff, should I continue working at uni next semeseter? I&#8217;m thinking of applying for a different subject this coming semester. Hopefully they haven&#8217;t hired people yet. But its kind of dependent on how my results go now I think. Pity we don&#8217;t find results out till like 2 weeks before spring semester starts :-S. I have a little desire to program at the moment. And I also have the uni is crap thought going&#8230; lol I pay 5+ grand a year to go to uni for 26 weeks to learn stuff some of which I ready know to be assessed in ways which don&#8217;t really show anything in the end. I guess that what happens in life. But yeh doesn&#8217;t it make you want to quit&#8230; though I don&#8217;t even know what I want to do in life. Stuff I&#8217;d consider as ideal for me (stuff I like) i reckon would be seen as a potential waste of intelligence&#8230; and it probably very well is. But what is intelligence? Everyone is unique in their own way so we can&#8217;t exactly agree upon a term can we?

It&#8217;s kind of like an end adolescent crisis I think. The fact that soon I will have to be part of the big world, which I&#8217;m scared off??? Not scared but not exactly likened to. It&#8217;s not really right to use the terms but somehow I see myself fitting into a blue collar world better than a white. Life&#8217;s about choices isn&#8217;t it? But we just never know if we&#8217;ve made the right choices&#8230; and I guess we never do, we just sit wondering for the rest of our life.

Sorry you have to listen to my rambles (whoever&#8217;s reading)&#8230; if anyone has any ideas of what I should do yell.
