---
id: 304
title: "107450873814328595"
date: 2004-01-19T21:38:58+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=189
permalink: /2004/01/107450873814328595/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
You know, I really do think that if I were to somehow roll over tomorrow my mum would be the last person who would know, or that I would hint too. Not that I know if I&#8217;d really care or not it seems so distant at times. Not that I exactly either know what it would be like to have have a normal motherly relationship, where the mother \*actually\* seemed to care about the kids. Al least I know my dad does, which I guess is why I sometimes understand why he gets in his moods&#8230; It just seems like when any of us have a conversation we&#8217;re either talking to a damn brick wall, or the conversation has to become so bloody technical (if thats the way i can kinda describe it), that it&#8217;s not even classified as a conversation. That&#8217;s what you get when you spend the last 10+ years working and not having time for your family. And apparently she blames herself for it. Well it&#8217;s rude of me to say, but good. Unfortunatley it&#8217;s way to late to make up for lost time. And you really can&#8217;t expect us to go on a holiday or whatever, because its not going to fix or do any good. I don&#8217;t want to spend time as a family, its near enough non existant, that I find it hard enough having everyone at home all at the same time (which rarely happens anyway), let alone handle a few days all together. Yes sometimes I feel hurt (is that the right word?) that we&#8217;ve been in a sense neglected/abandoned (not in that harsh way, but there just words to convey) by one parent, and it did really bug me at a certain time period cemented by some words, that were said. Which btw weren&#8217;t words &#8216;cos I asking for it or anything. Enough rambling and feeling sorry for myself&#8230;

In other more happy news, Sal came over this afternoon and we made our BDO shirts&#8230; BDO is this Fri yay&#8230; and then had a squiz at the timetables and planned our day. Lookin&#8217; forward to Fri =)
