---
id: 429
title: "108951095193783083"
date: 2004-07-11T11:30:51+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=314
permalink: /2004/07/108951095193783083/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Here&#8217;s something interesting, I was reading Sunday Life today and it has that the signs of a midlife crisis are:

  * Uncharacteristic thoughts, which may include a sense of loss of meaning, feelings of being trapped, anger, depression, boredom, anxiety or dissatisfaction
  * Constant inner questions such as, &#8220;What do I want for the rest of my life?&#8221; and &#8220;Who am I?&#8221;
  * Difficulty with health, relationships, work, concentration and sleep
  * Emotional outbursts that appear to come from nowhere
  * Trying to control everything
  * Withdrawal from family, friends and social life
  * Showy behaviour such as affairs, endless acquisitiion and overwork

I read that and it was like an uncanny feeling/presence. For awhile I have begun to suspect my confusion over life, the present, the future and god knows what else as well as some past unhappy moments are somewhat related to a possible either end teen/adolescent crisis (do they even exist???) or a growing up crisis. Most likely a combination of both. It&#8217;s different to a mid life crisis, but those signs are ever so similar and/or even the same. I felt trapped in the world, but crazily enough I had the urge to become trapped in a dark hole away from the world. Uncharacteristic thoughts, boredem and dissatisaction too. Those last two still apply somewhat these days. Inner questions, well where do I start. Read Hamlet it will drive you insane with inner questions. &#8216;What do I want for the rest of my life?&#8217; is a big question as is &#8216;Who am I?&#8217; I know who I am, but it&#8217;s irrelevant in the bigger picture. For what its worth were just a minute factor in the scope of everything around us. Don&#8217;t you ever wonder if you were to disappear of the face of the earth would anyone know? or would anyone care? Before long everyone will have moved on and we&#8217;ll become some distant single memory somewhere faraway. As for &#8216;what do I want for the rest of my life?&#8217; I don&#8217;t know anymore. I don&#8217;t know now and I&#8217;m not sure if I will ever know. In a supposed ideal world most of us would say that we wouldn&#8217;t have to work. I don&#8217;t necessarily know if that&#8217;s ideal though. Ideal to me would probably involve finding a balance between things. Ideal to me probably involves things people would go &#8216;are you crazy&#8217;, or &#8216;it&#8217;s a bad move&#8217;. Or something like that. But for the better of me I can&#8217;t yet come to realise what these ideal things are. As for withdrawal nothing new there that I didn&#8217;t know ages ago. Crowds scare me if its a crowd that I&#8217;m supposed to not look withdrawn in. Like say a crowd at a concert isn&#8217;t scary because I don&#8217;t know the other people, and luck says I never will know the other people let alone see them again. But throw me in a room where I&#8217;m supposed to &#8216;know&#8217; people or somehow become entertained&#8230; and yeh give me a dark room and a blanket to sit under anyday.
