---
id: 649
title: "112134526457509886"
date: 2005-07-14T22:38:00+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=535
permalink: /2005/07/112134526457509886/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Argh my semi gripe for today, kinda related back to customer service. Actually this particular incident didn&#8217;t annoy me too much but it made me think whether the person was sane or not. So I went to the shops looking for that book I mentioned yesterday. I look in the bigger bookstore &#8211; say Store X and in the catalogue it says it&#8217;s a special order book. So I ask the guy at the counter, &#8216;If a book&#8217;s special order does that mean you can order it in for purchase?&#8217; and he&#8217;s like &#8216;oh we&#8217;d have to check&#8217; and I&#8217;m like &#8216;ok&#8217;. Now he checks and he tells me they&#8217;ve ordered 3 copies of the book but they don&#8217;t know when it&#8217;ll come in, so I&#8217;ll have to keep coming in to check in person. Also told me that if I ordered it, it&#8217;ll take alot longer. Now I don&#8217;t know what&#8217;s more inconvenient, ordering it and waiting a bit longer for it, or coming in every few days to see if I can find 1 of the 3 copies they ordered. Now I&#8217;m guessing because they only ordered 3 it&#8217;s not that mainstream (which it isn&#8217;t, apparently it&#8217;s the english translation version), which some may say would be good if they actually managed to sell the copies&#8230; So then I trapezed of to Store Y which I very rarely go to these days as it is \*alot\* smaller and does not stock much at all. I went to the sales person and asked them about the book, and they told me their on order but they haven&#8217;t arrived yet and if I gave them my details they&#8217;ll ring me when it comes in. Now what does one do in such a situation? It&#8217;s pretty obvious isn&#8217;t it. Sorry Store X, you&#8217;ve just lost a potential sale &#8211; actually make that a definitie sale&#8230;