---
id: 621
title: "111884304727243302"
date: 2005-06-15T23:44:07+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=507
permalink: /2005/06/111884304727243302/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
[Radar:Blog and be Damned](http://radar.smh.com.au/archives/2005/06/post_4.html) Are any other bloggers out there becoming increasingly concerned about articles and incidents similar to those in the link? Having blogged for the past 3+ years, it&#8217;s become more of an issue as I step out into the wider world. The very nature of the Internet means that whatever you publish will continue to exist for ever and ever. Everything is cached these days. Such poses an issue on many fronts&#8230; I for one have experienced so, having had myself quoted in a said newspaper article, of which the quote quoted was not what I actually said at the event, but something totally different. Yes it did annoy me, particularly because the what was quoted of me, is something I do not agree with, and for that matter have never really thought of. But what can I do about it? Nothing&#8230; once published, unless you were the publisher there&#8217;s little one can do&#8230; and even if you can edit it, who&#8217;s to say the original version is not cached somewhere?

For me, the very knowledge of this, is one reason why I think (or so I hope) I am careful about what I write online&#8230; sure it makes for mundane reading, but in this day and age, one has to be careful&#8230; it&#8217;s kind of like publish and be damned really&#8230; either way it will probably come back and get you&#8230; for me&#8230; I try to keep by a few ground rules of my own&#8230; I hope they keep me on the right side of the line between acceptable and non-acceptable, but who&#8217;s to know? The line is quite fine at times&#8230;

I guess as time progresses, we will probably start hearing more about corporate policy in regards to employees keeping blogs. I don&#8217;t blame them (companies), if they do such. It&#8217;s again related back to society, business and a multitude of other stuff&#8230; I wonder if I ever will be in such a situation? What will it entail? What does the future of blogging entail? Inevitably, blogging is here to stay, but the way we go about it may evolve as the demands of security, privacy and censorship increasingly become more of a concern&#8230;
