---
id: 552
title: "111189445771860961"
date: 2005-03-27T13:25:00+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=437
permalink: /2005/03/111189445771860961/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Okay crazy changes on this space over the last few days, but I&#8217;ve come to a conclusion&#8230; I was trying to decide upon a new name and all, and was being inspired by titles and lyrics of songs&#8230; tried a few Coldplay and Badly Drawn Boy inspired ideas, but they didn&#8217;t really flow right. Then there was The Ataris song My So Called Life which was I think if I remember rightly inspired or something by Claire Danes who was the star of the show of the same name. Anyways that got things rolling&#8230; because really my web presence details my so called life (whatever that may be)&#8230; and originally I was going to call it that, but then for reasons decided not too. A quick google revealed many My So Called Blog, but that didn&#8217;t appeal to me, so that&#8217;s how I land upon My So Called Website&#8230; well because plainly it is &#8216;my so called website&#8217; and whatnot.

On to some randomness&#8230; today I went for a bike ride. Did the usual Putney over the Ryde Bridge to Meadowbank loop. I was riding up through Shepherds Bay back up to the bridge on my way home and there was these two people walking looking back, and I&#8217;m thinking what are they looking at. And then I see it. It being a possum. Random as it was in the middle of the day, and they are supposed to be nocturnal. And it was huge like the size of a cat and just walking across the road then down the council strip, then it finally decided to climb up the fence and into the tree.