---
id: 732
title: "113594243933752617"
date: 2005-12-30T22:26:00+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=618
permalink: /2005/12/113594243933752617/
categories:
  - Travelling
---
Okay so I&#8217;m on the home stretch now. Boarding opens in about 10 minutes, and I&#8217;ll be back in Australia around 7:30am tomorrow. Alot has happened (kinda) since my last post.

Whilst in Varanasi on the last night/day almost half our group got really bad gastro and had to get needles and all. But we did make it on the train to Calcutta. Whilst on the train I started feeling sick and by that night I had a splitting headache and it killed to open my eyes, and I was sweating hot and cold. Then to add to that I got the runs, and a cough/breathing probs. Turns out the next day almost everyone had the runs though. Anyways I made my flight from CCU to SIN, and I must add how crazy Calcutta International Airport was that night, that even an Indian national I was speaking to said she&#8217;s never seen it that bad and she flies out of there at least once a year. Arriving in Singapore on the 27th, my breathing issues took a turn for the worse, and it was back to the elephant sitting on me situation of December 2004. I was concerned &#8216;cos I couldn&#8217;t control it over the previos 2 days that greatley and as I had a flight to catch in 3 days I needed it under control as who knows that can happen on a 7 &#8211; 8 hour flight back. Anyways so it was off to the doctor for a steriod needle. Which worked miracles. Still coughing/breathing not normally, but I&#8217;m 100% feeling better.

Other than that I&#8217;ve been bascially shopping it up here in Singapore. Met up with Kylynn yesterday as she&#8217;s here in S&#8217;pore as well and yeah went shopping (again). The clothes they have here are so good. Well a wider range and more affordable price. So yep, I shopped up on almost 7KG of clothing. Left Calcutta with 13KG bag weight, left Singapore with 19.9KG.

Anyways have to run, flight will start boarding soon. Till tomorrow&#8230;
