---
id: 793
title: One of life’s mysteries solved…
date: 2006-03-29T17:26:01+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/2006/03/29/one-of-lifes-mysteries-solved/
permalink: /2006/03/one-of-lifes-mysteries-solved/
categories:
  - General
---
Okay so this one isn&#8217;t the mystery of how they make crane&#8217;s get taller but it&#8217;s along the same line as it involves window washers. After a lunch time convo regarding window washers of high rise office buildings, a work mate and I wondered how they actually got across all the windows&#8230; then one day she tried ringing me to tell me there was a window washer outside the window (except I missed the phone call). Well&#8230; the other day whilst on our lunch break, woah and behold the building opposite the road was getting it&#8217;s windows washed. And the solution to the mystery is that there are actually window/door thingos which the window washing people climb out of, and there&#8217;s tracks around the edge of the building that they get harnessed into. Now there&#8217;s also these 2 arm things which hold up the washing thingo&#8230; which have to be manually moved across the building as each section get&#8217;s done. Interesting enough&#8230; it didn&#8217;t look like the arm thingos were roped/harnessed down. Which if they were would have been kind of useless anyway as it would still go smashing into the side of the glass windows if it we&#8217;re to be dropped accidentally.

Other than that&#8230; more on my brother&#8217;s collarbone&#8230; after his Saturday visit in the ED of RPA he had to ring back on Monday to make an appointment to see the Orthopedic doctor on Friday because those working in the ED that day weren&#8217;t specialists&#8230; (I think along the line of interns they were). Anyway that night, he asked to go to Concord Hospital the next day because it was hurting badly. So they went there on Sunday morning. Over there they fixed him up, got more painkillers to take in combo with the one&#8217;s he got prescribed the day before and got an appointment for Tuesday to see Orthopedics (which I guess when your in pain is alot sooner that Friday). So because Concord was closer, he was going to ditch RPA and stick to Concord. Come Monday morning however, and at 8:30am the doctor from RPA rang saying he had to come in today (Tuesday) because they would have to operate and not to eat anything this morning. Moving along to the end of today&#8217;s situation&#8230; they didn&#8217;t operate today, but are doing it tomorrow. Basically as soon as they saw the x-rays the surgeon said they&#8217;d have to operate which is pretty rare as 90%+ of collarbone fractures/breaks heal by themselves. Basically the concerns were that as the swelling goes down, the bone (which is split into 3 pieces), may protrude through the skin. And when looking at it, they are probably correct as you can start seeing it poke higher now, as well as the white of it through his shoulder. Also if they don&#8217;t fix it he may not have full movement in his left arm &#8211; like stretch it out, hold it up etc. So what are they going to do&#8230; from what I&#8217;ve heard the pieces are going to be plated and screwed back together.

Even more interesting than the above and somewhat related is the differences between a full private, uninsured private and public patient. I&#8217;ll get onto that another day. Oh and that the doctor wanted to take pretty pictures of his shoulder and x-rays to use them in his lectures&#8230;