---
id: 739
title: "113688093837889304"
date: 2006-01-10T18:07:00+00:00
author: deline
layout: post
guid: http://delineneo.com/?p=625
permalink: /2006/01/113688093837889304/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
As the world becomes increasingly commodified, the realms of the real world gradually make their way online into cyberspace where they manifest themselves as pop-up-ads, spam, get rich quick scams and a hundred and one other websites which have their base idea in getting rich quick. Part of the beauty in it all is that the web is a free for all publishing horse. Anyone can publish whatever they want just as I am now. Press releases can easily be made and distributed to the thousands of news feeds and online distribution points in as easy as a few simple clicks.

But unfortunatley there is no governance over the web, and it is unlikely that there ever will be in the near future (or ever for that matter). The very nature of the Internet means that it is next to impossible for international jurisdiction to occur. Where do the boundaries lie in cyberspace? Without the physical sense of the world to guide, boundaries are limitless, thus no one person, government or even country can really stake their claim. And that&#8217;s the very reason behind the problem at hand. How does one determine what is true and what is not? What is reputable, reliable&#8230; As each day passes, the task becomes increasingly difficult at hand. Perhaps as we move further into the future, the Internet will increasingly become a source of information overload?
